So we wanna make changes
to that website code,
and keep in mind, we're a different person
on a different machine.
Now if we wanna make such a change,
then we might want to create a new branch
for the same reasons as before.
So I'll create a new branch, which I'll name feat,
and now let's say, what I wanna do
is for this website here,
I wanna change some styling in styles.css,
and in there I maybe want to change the color
of this title text here.
Therefore I'll name this branch feat-color.
Name is of course up to you.
Now here I can simply pick a different color,
let's say a more orange color, doesn't matter,
with this hex code here,
and then I save this file,
and as before, I then stage this style.css file
or all files, which in this case
is only that style.css file,
since that's the only file that's changed,
and I create my commit where I say, "changed title color".
So that's all something we learned before.
Now of course, I wanna make sure
that this change is available in this remote repository,
and we learned before that what we can do
is we can run git push origin feat-color
to push this new branch to this remote repository.
The link is already set up, so this should work, right?
Well, no. If we try this, we get a permission error.
The permission is denied to be precise,
and the reason for that is that I'm on a user here
that does not have permission to edit this code.
So what can we do now?